Documentation related to listing user's actions on application (#627)
openmsupply/application-manager-web-app: documentation/internal/Actions-on-Applications.md

So basically we will define actions related to user roles of: **Applicant**, **Assigner**, **Reviewer** and **Consolidator** (basically actions are the same as Reviewer).

**Note**: The same user can have more than one user-role. e.g. Assigner and reviewer.
**Note 2**: One restriction is to not have an Applicant user with other user-role. This combination isn't prevented on the server though.

Let's have a look on the action definitions for any user-roles:

![Actions on Applications Flow](images/Actions-on-Applications-Flow.png)

## Applicant's actions

Actions are available to the applicant user for their own applications, and very basic for now:

- `Continue` -> Application created that hasn't been submitted
- `View` -> Application that has been submitted or after application process is completed
- `Update` -> After an application has been submitted and reveiwed, when there are **changes required** to the Applicant

### Other applicant's actions (todo)

> - `Widthdrawn` -> Application that has been submitted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Withdraw` -> Application that has been submitted
```

- `Delete` -> Application that hasn't been submitted

> ## Reveiwer's or Consolidator's actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reviewer's or Consolidator's actions
```

> Actions are available to the Reviewer user (based `template_permission`) after the **application is submitted**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actions are available to the Reviewer user (based on `template_permission`) after the **application is submitted**.
```

Actions more specific to the Consolidator user are available after there is a review **stage increment** or after **review is submitted**.

- `Continue` -> Review created that hasn't been submitted
- `Start` -> Review has been assigned (or self-assigned)
- `Self-Assign` -> Review hasn't been assigned to anyone (and permission to SELF_ASSIGNMENT applies)
- `Re-Review` -> Review has been submitted and lower level Reviewer has submitted **changes requested** by you
- `Update` -> Review has been submitted and higher level Reviewer has submitted **changes requested** to you
- `View` -> Review has been submitted or after application process is completed

## Assigner's actions

The options are per section of the application, but will show on the application list as the top most possible one (combining the actions available for all sections in the application):

- `Assign` -> When no reviewer is assigned yet (checks `review_question_assignment`)
- `Re-assign` -> When reviewer is assigned

**Note**: When re-assigning section(s) when the review has been started there is some pending work todo for moving assignments

### Application list view

> On server side we use smart view to calculate the count of each of the following (used to define available actions on the front-end) based on status of `review_assignment` and `review` (associated to self for Reviewer, and associated to any review for Assigners).

Reviewer: Could you perhaps specify what you mean by "associated to"? You mean using the "user" as the parameter for the back-end Function, right? Maybe just explain that a little more?

Author: I can rephrase this better : ) will do tomorrow morning though

Author: @CarlosNZ I tried to rephrase this, and actually realise it wasn't accurate, so hopefully now it's better to understand and makes sense: 2a1079f

**Note**: When re-assigning section(s) when the review has been started there is some pending work todo for moving assignments

## Generating and display of actions

> Actions are displayed in 2 main places: on the Application's list and on the Review home page (for Reviewer/Assigner) or Application home page (for Applicant)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actions are displayed in 2 main places: on the Applications list and on the Review home page (for Reviewer/Assigner) or Application home page (for Applicant)
```

### Applicant home page (or list)

The GraphQL query (`getApplication` and `getApplicationList`) simply gets application related to the current user and the `status`, which is used to define the action to be displayed.

- `Continue` -> Application with `status` = DRAFT (and owned by the current user)
- `View` -> Application with `status` = SUBMITTED or others (e.g. COMPLETED, EXPIRED, ...)
- `Update` -> Application with `status` = CHANGES_REQUIRED

> **Note**: For now the front-end allows to see any application, not only restricted by user permission. Later, when restrictions apply, only users with appropriate permissions will be able to see other users' application statuses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: For now the front-end allows a user to see any application, not only restricted by user permission. Later, when restrictions apply, only users with appropriate permissions will be able to see other users' application statuses.
```

Otherwise if `review_assignment` and `review` is associated to the current user, will generate one of the following actions and display in each of the assigned sections:

Actions generated for **reviewer** user will check which of the count (of owned review/assignment) field is above 0 to display the action (as the top most possible one).

- `Continue` -> review_draft_count
- `Start` -> review_assigned_not_started_count
- `Re-Review` -> review_pending_count
- `Update` -> review_change_request_count
- `View` -> review_submitted_count
- `Self-Assign` -> review_available_for_self_assignment_count

**Note**: For now the front-end is displaying all reviews associated with the current application on the "Review Home page". Later, when restrictions apply, only users with appropriate permissions will be able to see other users' review statuses.

Actions generated for **assigner** user will check which of the count (of ALL review/assignment) field is above 0 or `true`,

- `Assign` -> assign_count
- `Re-assign` -> assign_count & is_fully_assigned_level_1

> **Note**: If user is both an Assigner and Review for the current application the actions to both can disoplay to them, one for Reviewer and one for Assigner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If user is both an Assigner and Reviewer for the current application the actions for _both_ will be displayed — one for Reviewer and one for Assigner.
```

### Application list view

On server side we use smart view to calculate the count of each of the following (used to define available actions on the front-end) based on status of `review_assignment` and `review`.

> The GraphQL query to application list view will fetch ALL `review_assignment` related to the current application `serial`, for all reviewer `user` of any `level` and `stage`.

Reviewer: The GraphQL query to application list view -- might be good to include the name of the query (in brackets) here.

- `View` -> review_submitted_count
- `Assign` -> assign_count
- `Re-assign` -> assign_count & is_fully_assigned_level_1

> **Note**: For now only the front-end is displaying all reviews associated to the current application on the "Review Home page", later when restrictions apply only users with higher permissions will be able to see other users review's status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: For now the front-end is displaying all reviews associated with the current application on the "Review Home page". Later, when restrictions apply, only users with appropriate permissions will be able to see other users' review statuses.
```
